Not long after we freed New Vestroia,
King Zenoheld came out of hiding,
and brought with him the Bakugan Termination System.
It's a machine designed to destroy all of the Bakugan.
But in order to power it he needed the attribute
energies of the Six Ancient Warriors.
But the Ancients tricked Zenoheld and transferred
their powers to six Bakugan.
Their energies caused the Bakugan to evolve into
more powerful versions of themselves.
The fate of the Bakugan is in our hands and the
stakes are high.
But we're ready to fight!
[\u266a]
Vestal is entering an age of unheralded prosperity
and growth.
With the population booming and land quickly
running out, a solution was needed and that
solution is: Aero-Aqua Estates.
Using patented technology, Klaus Industries builds
you the home of your dreams,
floating high in the sky, yet still surrounded by nature.
Those Aqua Apartments...Looks like
pretty sweet living to me.
I didn't realize you were looking for a new place to live.
I thought you liked our place.
No, not for me. For Baron.
Master Klaus?
Yes, what is it?
I thought you'd like to know that there is an
interesting customer in our showroom down below.
Oh really?
That is very interesting...That looks
like Ace Grit, a former member of the Resistance.
Hmmm.
Bakugan Brawlers in \"Saved by the Siren\".
Using state of the art architecture,
our Aqua Apartments offer the top of the line style
and function with stunning views of the
surrounding landscape from every room of your unit.
Whoa...
Even our submerged units provide you with...
an underwater view of the lake that surrounds the building.
Can we live there, please?
Bah...There's no way Baron can afford that ...Come on.
Let's go eat.
Excuse me, sir?
Huh?
I couldn't help but over hear your conversation.
We have a new development priced for our more budget
conscious customers.
Why don't you go have a look at the building site.
Uhhhh.
I'm starving.
How bout I fix us some lunch?
I could make...whoa!
That's weird.
What's wrong, Dan?
Nobody's supposed to be home and the door's open.
Maybe your Mom forgot to lock the door behind her
when she left for yoga.
Or maybe someone else is inside.
Who else could it be?
A burglar?
In the middle of the afternoon?
It couldn't be...Could it?
[Scream]
[Screams, grunts as they land]
Hey buddy, what's the big idea?
I'm gonna call the... Uh? Dad?
What are you doing here?
Well, I live here don't I?
Can a man not come home to his own house to surprise
his wife for lunch?
Umm...today's Wednesday, Dad...
Mom always goes to yoga then lunch with her friends.
Good thing it was us you surprised and not her.
'Cause she might have bonked you on the head
with a frying pan.
Well, it was nice to see you guys...but I should be
get going.
Hang on a sec ...This is for you...you're not the
only one full of surprises today.
What's this?
Vanilla pudding!
I picked some up for you at Runo's restaurant
earlier...I know it's your favourite.
How did I get so lucky [sniff] to have a son as
nice and thoughtful as you...?
[affectionate ad-lib. \"Are you my big guy?\" etc...]
Seriously Dad, it's just pudding!
Having family is nice.
It sure is.
I really miss my brother, Keith.
I hope he's okay wherever he is.
It looks like this is the spot in the brochure.
They're putting aqua apartments here?
I have to admit, it is a nice area...and it is
close to Baron's parents' house.
He'll like that.
He has such a nice family. I bet you're envious.
What?
Wouldn't you like to have a bunch of little brothers
and sisters running around? Huh?
And fight for my turn all the time?
Huh.. Why would I want that?
...Forget it. I love being on my own.
If you say so.
Actually, the more I think about it,
we should all get apartments in this
building...this would be a perfect location for the
Battle Brawlers to set up their secret base.
Secret base?
Yeah...we need to be ready in case Zenoheld and his
Vexos goons decide to attack again.
We heard the alarm.
What's going on?
Captain?
The Vexos and their Mechanical Bakugan have
entered Area X02.
Go!
Aye Captain!
[laughs] That would be so sweet.
You're such a dreamer, Ace.
Well, let's call Baron to see what he thinks.
Hey Baron -
Ace! Where are you?
Baron, I'm just around the corner. I was -
- They're here!
The Vexos are back!
No way!
Prince Hydron and his Mechanical Bakugan
attacked us in the park...
And then...
And now it's time for me to take...your Haos Energy
They've got the Haos Energy,
I bet Percival's Darkus Energy next.
We'll see about that.
You've done well winning your first battle and bringing
back the Haos Energy but we must not lose momentum.
We need to strike against the Battle Brawlers while
they're still weak.
Don't worry father.
The next attack is already in motion.
Mylene should arrive on Vestal any minute now.
Mylene?
[Laughs] She's jealous I was the first to score a
victory so she's off to prove herself...so we'll
see if she's as tough a Brawler as she claims to be.
That spoiled brat, Hydron.
Just who does he think he is?
He's isn't the only one with mighty Brawling skills.
Is that who I think it is?
Is that Mylene?
Oh no.
Does this mean the Vexos are coming back?
I see you Ace.
I'm on my way to you now!
...Just keep your eyes peeled and be careful!
You got it, pal.
So, it's starting again.
What are we going to do, Ace?
For now, we wait for Baron.
But we've also got to warn Dan and Mira.
But they're on Earth.
How will we get to them?
Listen Mr. Questions...quit
yakking and let me figure this out.
Lovers' quarrel?
How cute.
Mylene?
Baron told me what Hydron did to him.
Then you know why I'm here...Make things easy
for yourself and hand over the Darkus Energy now.
You want me to just give up?
Where's the fun in that...? Let's dance.
Hah!
As you wish.
Well, well, well.
The surprises keep on coming,
Sirenoid...It seems that you and I have a front row
seat to a Bakugan Battle.
What do you propose we do, Master Klaus?
Well, I'm not much of a spectator.
Gauntlet, power strike! [Grunting]
Gate Card, set!
Bakugan Brawl!
[\u266a]
I am Darkus Midnight Percival!
I see he's evolved...Big deal...Evolved or not,
he's still no match for what I've got.
[\u266a]
I call Aquos Macubass!
A Mechanical Bakugan?
Time to show this boy who's boss.
Percival! Let's kick that bucket of bolts to the curb!
Ability activate!
Ability Card, set.
Hunter Whip!
This one's quick, Ace.
[\u266a]
Ability activate.
Radiant Claw!
[\u266a]
Percival...
Let's do this!
Ability Card, set.
Ability, activate!
Black out!
[\u266a]
Cheap magic tricks...How dull.
Maybe this will excite you...Ability, activate.
Stray thunder!
[\u266a]
Huuuaaaahhhh!
I see you like sneak attacks.
It figures...cowards.
Ability, activate!
Battle composition!
[\u266a]
[Grunting, pain]
Did you really think Percival was any kind of
match for Macubass?
You haven't beaten us yet.
Ability Card, set.
Ability, activate...Thunder Sword!
[\u266a]
Haaaaaaahhhhhhh
Huh...Interesting...Ability, activate.
Ability Card, set.
Saber Barracuda.
[\u266a]
[grunting]
Alright...
This tin can really does pack a punch.
Ready for more?
Ability, activate!
Moby Cannon!
[\u266a]
You're all bark and no bite, Mylene...Gate Card, open!
Changeling force!
[\u266a]
What the...?!
Oh, did you like that one?
Changeling Force is a Command Card that reverses
your opponent's ability effect.
[\u266a]
You think you're such a tough guy...do your
Brawling skills match your mighty ego?
[\u266a]
I call Macubass!
You always do things the hard way.
Percival stand!
Haaah!
Ability, activate!
Ability Card, set.
Thunder Sword!
Repeating abilities?
You bore me!
Ability activate!
Saber Barracuda.
Improving on a classic...Fusion Ability Activate!
Vermillion!
Any last words, Vexos scum?
[Roar]
You make me laugh...Gate Card,
open...Aquos Reactor!
[\u266a]
[Grunt, exertion]
Enough with the fun and games.
Time to get down to business.
Ability, activate!
ABSIDS!
[grunt, pain]
What was that?
[Grunt, pain]
Percival! Ability... activate!
Bind Shield!
Hmmmph.
A shield won't help if you leave your backside exposed.
[grunt, pain]
Those little guys are a pain in the butt.
Literally...How does she get them to move so fast?
I'm using the Automatic Brain Scan Image Direction System.
Or ABSIDS for short...It's a computerized weapon it
scans brainwaves then relays information to the
attack pods who carry out maneuvers based on my thoughts.
You're some Brawler...using computers
as a crutch!
I assure you, Ace, they are not a crutch.
But a very useful tool.
Perhaps you need another demonstration.
[evil laughter]
[Grunting, pain]
Percival!
[\u266a]
We took a beating on that one...Time to crash
Mylene's hard drive.
Percival Brawl!
Macubass, finish them!
[\u266a]
Ability, activate.
Ability Card set.
Marina Cavitation!
Where did he go?
He's camouflaged himself in the water.
I guess we need to smoke him out...Gate Card open!
Why isn't my Gate Card working?
When Marina Cavitation is activated,
it blocks one's opponent from opening their Gate
Cards...Ability Card... activate...ABSIDS!
[\u266a]
[Grunt, pain]
I hate those things...they need to be
swatted like the flies they are.
By the time you figure out how to do that,
this battle will be over...Strike!
[grunting, pain]
Percival!
[\u266a]
What's that?
Ability.. Activate...Devorah Antemusa.
What the...?
Yes, Master Klaus. As you wish.
[singing - \"dee dee dee dee...etc...\"]
Her beautiful voice gives me goose bumps every time.
[\u266a]
Not possible!
Your elegance is surpassed by none...my precious
Sirenoid...Battling becomes you.
Thank you for your praise, but a Bakugan is only as
good as their Master Brawler.
Who do you guys think you are?
And what's the big idea, interrupting my
battle like that?
I believe we were saving you ...The only true match
for an Aquos is another Aquos...Even you,
the mighty Ace must admit your were having a spot of
trouble there.
But how do you know who I am?
Let's just say, I make it my business to be in the know...
Let's get back to the task at hand and finish this Vexos?
How rude.
I'll have to teach you some manners...ABSIDS!
[\u266a]
You were quite correct there Ace Grit...those
mini-pods must be dealt with now...Ability, activate!
Vital Neptune!
[Singing]
[grunts] That singing...I can't think!
[\u266a]
Hmmmmm.
Now Ace...Open your Gate Card.
I don't need you to tell me how to Brawl, okay?
Gate Card, open!
Element Merge!
[\u266a]
It's clear you cannot escape defeat, Vexos.
It's best if you graciously retreated now.
You're beautiful and a worthy opponent...
I am a gentleman there's no reason for further
humiliation.
This battle will end in tears alright,
but they'll be coming from your eyes, not mine,
fancy boy...Ability Card, activate.
Ability Card set.
Depth Dive!
[\u266a]
Double Ability activate!
ABSIDS plus...Moby Cannon!
[\u266a]
Ability activate! ...Geor Gunner!
How do you like this?
Ability activate!
Stingray shield!
[\u266a]
Disappear!
Mylene's as vicious as she is
beautiful...Sirenoid...Get ready...Ability, activate.
Ripple Shield!
As you command, Master Klaus.
This can't be happening.
Ace my boy, now is the time.
Sirenoid can't hold them off forever.
Who are you calling boy?
Let's go Percival...Ability, activate!
Thunder Sword!
Fusion ability, activate!
Deadly Karbia!
[\u266a]
[Mighty roar]
That's how you win a brawl.
Sirenoid, I must thank you for your assistance.
No thanks necessary.
My pleasure.
You battled very well today,
Sirenoid...I believe you've made me the
proudest master in all of Vestal.
Thank you so much, Master Klaus.
Aquos Sirenoid and Master Klaus...Ah yes...I
remember you now...you are a Bakugan Brawler from
Earth are you not?
Huh?
I didn't realize that the Vestals had joined forces
with more humans from Earth.
Enjoy your victory while you can,
Brawlers...When I come back with my Vexos
teammates...nothing will be left.
Hey, Ace!
Huh?
Did I make it in time?
Aren't you...? You're a Bakugan Brawler from Earth?
You better tell me who you are, right now.
I am a descendant of German nobility.
You are?
But on Vestal, I'm known more as a young Real
Estate tycoon.
What?
But what you really should know is...
Together with the Battle Brawlers I helped free
Vestroia as a Bakugan Brawler.
I am the Aquos Prince...
I am Klaus Von Hertzig!
And he's also my hero!
Ah ha!
I knew I recognized you from somewhere!
...Hey Ace, I told you abut this guy.
On Earth he was one of Master Dan's strongest rivals.
Just tell us what you're doing here on Vestal.
For quite some time now...we've been funding
the important research that Dr. Michael's been conducting.
That relationship led to me taking part in the test
run of the newly upgraded dimension transporter system.
First I went to New Vestroia to meet up with Sirenoid.
Then together we came to Vestal,
where we've made a home for ourselves.
Is the transporter system how Mira made her way to Earth?
If it weren't for the generous support from the
Klaus Foundation, Inter-dimensional
transportation wouldn't be where it is today.
Alright, let's go, shall we?
Where exactly are we going?
To my castle of course...We'll use some of
the transporter technology,
we'll to send a message to Dan and the others on Earth.
Is there a problem, gentlemen?
How did you know we wanted to contact Dan and the
other Brawlers?
Like I said before, it's my business to be in the know...
I never fall behind 'cause I'm always one step ahead.
[\u266a]
Ace, my boy.
I have so much to teach you.
Dude, I told you before, quit calling me boy.
When we heard that the Vexos had returned to
Vestal we knew something had to be done.
But just as we were making our way to Dr. Michael's
lab to use the Dimension Transporter,
something happened in New Vestroia.
I decided to investigate.
While they carried on to Vestal I made my own way
to New Vestroia.
And once I got there I couldn't believe what I saw.
Once you check it out for yourself,
you won't believe it either.
Bakugan, brawl!
[\u266a]
Be there!